Feature/update docs (#14)
libertymutual/bmo: docs/packages/httpServer/README.md

BMO HTTP SERVER is a server side framework, focused at enabling developers to quickly implement high quality Restful services,
but it can be used to implement any kind of http server.
Aims to reduce boiler plate code by bundling common http server functionality as a bundle of dependencies
that can be extended with your own functionality.

## Setting up your project

To get started using this dependency bundle:

- ensure that you have node.js >= 10.16 installed.

- create an empty directory for your application and initialize your package using `npm init`

- Once you have completed the prompts use your favorite package manager to install the bmo cli and the run extension.

```sh
yarn add @b-mo/cli @b-mo/extension-run
```

```sh
npm install @b-mo/cli @b-mo/extension-run
```

after that lets add some scripts and config values to the package.json:

```json
{
  "scripts":{
    "start":"bmo run",
    "dev":"bmo run -d"
  },
  //...
  "bmo":{
    "extends":["@b-mo/http-server"]
  }
}
```

> Then in either the root index.js, the 'main' file in the package.json file we will create the default export for our projects dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then in either the root index.js file, or the file specified by the package.json 'main' property, we will create the default export for our project's dependencies:
```
